chore: add `svg-color-linter` to check-colors before requesting merge (#2237)
PKief/vscode-material-icon-theme: CONTRIBUTING.md

Now it often happens that many programming languages already have icons with their own colors. To find the matching color from the Material Design color palette based on a known color, there is the [Material Color Converter](https://pkief.github.io/material-color-converter/). With its help any color can be converted into a Material Design color.

> You can check if your icon fits to the Material Design color palette by running the follwing command:

Reviewer: There is a typo `following`.

> You can check if your icon fits to the Material Design color palette by running the follwing command:

Author: ```suggestion
You can check if your icon fits the Material Design color palette by running the following command:
```
